InputField accessibility improvements (#4632)
kiwicom/orbit: packages/orbit-components/src/InputField/README.md

| inputMode            | [`enum`](#enum)                    |           | The type of data that might be entered by the user. [See more here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inputmode).                               |
| minValue             | `number`                           |           | Specifies the minimum value for the InputField.                                                                                                                                   |
| maxValue             | `number`                           |           | Specifies the maximum value for the InputField.                                                                                                                                   |
| maxLength            | `number`                           |           | Specifies the maximum number of characters allowed.                                                                                                                               |

> | maxLength            | `number`                           |           | Specifies the maximum number of characters allowed.                                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: This is repeated

| onMouseUp            | `event => void \| Promise`         |           | Function for handling onMouseUp event.                                                                                                                                            |
| onSelect             | `event => void \| Promise`         |           | Function for handling onSelect event.                                                                                                                                             |
| placeholder          | `string \| (() => string))`        |           | The placeholder of the InputField.                                                                                                                                                |
| **prefix**           | `React.Node`                       |           | The prefix component for the InputField.                                                                                                                                          |

> | readOnly             | `boolean`                          | `false`   | If `true`, the InputField be readOnly.                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| readOnly             | `boolean`                          | `false`   | If `true`, the InputField is readOnly.                                                                                                                                            |
```

| suffix               | `React.Node`                       |           | The suffix component for the InputField.                                                                                                                                          |
| tabIndex             | `string \| number`                 |           | Specifies the tab order of an element.                                                                                                                                            |
| **type**             | [`enum`](#enum)                    | `"text"`  | The type of the InputField.                                                                                                                                                       |
| value                | `string \| number`                 |           | Specifies the value of the InputField. To be used with controlled usage.                                                                                                          |

> | helpClosable         | `boolean`                          | `true`    | Whether to display help as a closable tooltip, or have it open only while the field is focused.                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| helpClosable         | `boolean`                          | `true`    | Whether to display help or error as closable tooltips, or have it open only while the field is focused.                                                                                   |
```

- The `error` prop overwrites the `help` prop, due to higher priority.

> - The `help` icon overwrites the prefix when `inlineLabel` is `true`.

Reviewer: The error as well, no?

> - You can use `string` for currency InputField, or `React.Node` for InputField with icon.

Reviewer: I don't understand what this is supposed to say 😅 IMO, it can be deleted

/>;
```

> - Prop `ref` can be used when element's auto-focus after render is needed.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to teach anyone what to use ref for and this sentence is weird… 🧹 IMO this can be deleted, together with the example below
